♪ Who's gonna help when the danger overwhelms ♪
♪ And the mysteries are piled high? ♪
♪ Who's gonna be around, never gonna let you down ♪
♪ When you're on a wild ride? ♪
♪ Your friends are always by your side ♪
♪ It's Craig of the Creek, he's gonna save the day ♪
♪ It's Craig of the Creek ♪
♪♪
What's that kid doin' up there?
Why's he got so many roller blades?
Why is he...
panting?
[ Panting like a dog ]
It's like a Halloween costume or somethin'.
He had a dream where he was
roller-blading as a dog.
A Labradoodle.
The universe made a call.
And he's answering it. It's beautiful.
Well, whatever he's doing,
if he gets hurt, nobody is calling any parents!
I'm not risking these sick jumps
just because he wants to be a Labrador.
A  Labradoodle.
[ Howling ] Time to labra-do this.
Woof, woooof...
whoa, whoa, oh!
[ Thud, howling in pain ]
-JP! -JP!
Maybe you should call his parents.
Give it to us straight, Doc.
Is our sweet boy gonna make it?
Well, for starters, I am a nurse, Craig --
a nurse that hasn't had a night off in three months.
I finally get one, and we have to miss our reservation
at the International House of Brie
because my little brother wanted to be a dog!
Eh, a Labradoodle.
Right.
Was everyone doing this dangerous stunt,
or just my brother?
Uh, just your brother.
But I would have done it...next.
And, uh, me next!
Uh, and then Mortimer!
Mm-hmm.
Hey, cool sword.
Oh, uh, thanks. [ Laughs ]
I even chose the grade of PVC pipe myself.
[ Scoffs ] Where's my staff?
Craiggy Boy needs some praise, too.
Honestly, John Paul. First, you thought
your carpet was magic, and you jumped off the roof with it.
Then you sprained your ankle
while pretending to be a horse in the creek.
Can't you just pretend to be a normal kid?
I'm a growin' boy!
I'm -- I'm sure you were like this when you were a kid.
Right, Cat? Not really.
Laura was a square.
Oh, I wasn't talking to you, Kat.
I was talking to my cat, Goo.
Did Laura do stuff like this when she was a kid?
Meow. Okay, point taken.
But wh--what about that thing with the shower curtain?
Meow! Yeah, no, that was me.
Look, I'm sorry, Laura!
I -- I don't know why I'm drawn to this stuff.
I just am.
I don't know either.
I'm just glad you're not hurt.
Don't ask me how you didn't break a bone
from that fall.
You're definitely not human.
Not human?
If you let me drive,
we can still make our reservation.
As if!
Now let's make our way to some crème brulée!
[ Door closes ] Not human?
Craig: Icepops!
[ Slurps ]
[ Groans ]
[ Coughs ]
[ Chomping ]
[ Sighs ]
Guys, I've been workin' on thinkin' all last night.
-What about? -What about?
About what Laura said, and I think she's right.
I'm not human.
Uh, what are you talking about?
It makes perfect sense!
I'm drawn to things nobody likes, like roller blades.
I do all sorts of insane stunts, yet I've never broken anything.
And how many people can write their names...
[ Bones cracking ] ...with their joints?
[ Gasping ] Doesn't that hurt?
No, you fool!
I don't have feelings, like you humans!
Then what are you? Where did you come from?
I don't know!
Even my own family doesn't know what to make of me.
I must be from somewhere else.
Don't worry, JP.
We'll find where you're from and what you are.
Well, I want you to be a vampire!
We can examine you with your sister's medical stuff.
I'm sure those thingies will help us get
to the bottom of this.
Come on! To JP's house!
Then immediately followed by the stump!
Heh, heh, heh, heh.
Ka-kaw!
What is it this time, Tony?
How are we gonna get our camouflage badge
if you keep blowing our cover?
Let me ask you, who would take a goldfish
if you could have a tiger shark?
I would. Goldfish are cute.
What I mean is, I surveillanced something big --
so big, it would make a camouflage badge blush.
First, let's take your temperature.
Icepop out of the mouth and say "ah."
[ Slurps ] Ahhh.
[ Beeping ]
This is impossible.
What is it?
[ Gasps ]
His temperature is ice cold!
He's cold blooded -- like a vampire?
That must be why people don't invite me into their house!
[ Grumbling ]
Hmm, patient also seems to be exhibiting
multiple hearts.
Could we get that down for the record, please?
Pfft. What kind of immortal is he?
Um, JP, where's your ear hole?
Is this even an ear?
[ Boinging ] Eek!
Maybe he's reptilian?
Look at that serpent's tongue.
[ Slurping ]
What's next?
Optical resonance test.
Your sister used this.
But if you're not human,
then I think we gotta use one these!
Oh, okay.
All right, open wide.
Fire!
Ah!
Patient, are you okay?
Yeah, but I can't see anything.
Wait.
I -- I see some bursts and stars floatin' around.
Like in outer space?
It all makes sense.
His temperature was low, like the air in space.
He has no ears, because there is no sound in space.
And the light test obviously triggered
a repressed memory of space.
[ Gasps ] You guys, JP is an alien!
Me? An alien?
But from where? Wait a minute.
I never noticed this grouping of belly freckles.
Oh, man, you should see my butt.
Hmm.
Steady.
♪♪
[ Giggling ] Tickles.
This might hurt.
Ouch!
Check. It. Out.
The alignment of JP's freckles
around his belly button are an exact match to the stars
surrounding Proxima Centauri.
Uh, if you ignore all of these ones.
Holy hedgehogs in a helicopter!
What are you talkin' about?
Many scientists, like me, believe that a planet
orbiting this star could support life!
JP, I think we found your home.
Home?
A whole planet of me's,
no body thinkin' I wasn't normal.
We gotta contact them tonight!
I have to know where my weirdness comes from.
Contacting space?
[ Inhales sharply ] That's a pretty tall order.
Don't worry. I have an idea.
Gather up all the flashlights you can find,
and meet back here tonight.
We're gonna make contact with JP's home planet.
Jason: Forget about camouflage badges.
We'll take JP to the government
and get planetary defense badges!
Dear family in space, are you excited to meet me?
[ Gasps ] They answered!
Okay, first impression is everything.
Hi, aliens! My name is JP, and I love you,
and you love me, too! Aw, man, that's way too much.
'Sup? You guys aliens? That's cool.
Me too.
[ Sighs ] Hello, my name's JP.
It's nice to finally meet...
me.
How -- how's it going down there?
Almost done!
Do you think if we contact JP's home planet,
they'll wanna take him back?
I don't know. Maybe.
But we'll be able to visit him, right?
Of course! I'll just build a rocket ship
out of baking soda and vinegar.
I mean, look at what I made out of these flashlights,
and this only took me, what, 20 minutes?
Aah!
Jason: Get ready, boys.
JP's ours. Did you bring a trap?
I brought my doggie jail.
[ Laughter ]
[ Grunts ] It's time to make contact.
Aw, you guys are the best humanlings a boy --
uh, an alien --
a little, whatever I am could have.
♪♪
[ Whistle blows ]
Well, well, well. What do we see here?
Aliencraft-sorcery? Disgusting.
JP, you're under suspicion of being an evil alien.
We're gonna take you to the government for testing!
[ Gasping ]
[ Whimpers ]
I'm dialing the President right now.
Nine, one, one.
-Nyeh! -Blah!
Light bad!
Get the evil alien -- I mean, JP -- to safety!
Mortimer and I will hold them off.
[ Gasps ] Our badge --
I -- I mean, our alien is getting away!
This is an intergalactic matter, Forest Scouts,
and you're gonna have to go through me.
[ Panting ]
Ruuuuun!
Kelsey?
Keep running!
There's barely enough room for Mortimer and me in here!
Surrender, specimen!
-Aaah! -Aaah!
[ Panting ] Do you think they get badges
for ruining good folks' family reunions?
Water?
Fall!
The Ninja Garden Waterfall!
W-We're cornered!
I -- I can slow down the scouts
while you try to find another way down.
Craig, it's okay.
I'm an alien, remember?
I can't get hurt.
What? [ Gasps ]
[ Epic music builds ]
Go home, JP.
[ Music stops ]
[ Thud ] Owww!
JP!
[ Groaning ]
Tony, go! Aah!
[ Groaning continues ]
Um, time to get our first aid badges?
He finally did it.
I knew. I knew it was gonna happen.
Not today, Goo.
Need a hand, JP?
Yeah, because I just broke mine.
[ Sighs ] It'll heal, I guess.
I -- I can't belive I'm not an alien
and there's not a planet of weird kids like me.
John Paul, what are you talking about?
You -- you said.
You said I wasn't human.
I wasn't being literal!
So, am I just weird?
What I meant is, there's nobody like you.
Because you're special, and the way your brain works
is very cool and full of good ideas.
Just don't follow them
when they involve jumping off anything.
Oh, gosh.
Mom's gonna have a heart attack when she sees this.
Not literally. [ Clears throat ]
I'm just glad you're in one piece.
You'll heal. And you can still do
a Mercer high-five with your other hand, right?
You bet I can.
[ Bones cracking ]
Yeah, this is definitely his family and home.
Maybe his whole dang family is aliens.
♪ When it's time to go to bed ♪
♪ I know I don't have to feel alone ♪
♪ 'Cause I'll see you tomorrow ♪
♪ At the creek ♪
Just like I drew it.
♪♪